# HousePlans Project

## Description

This project is a React-based web application that showcases various house plans. It includes categories such as Trending, New, Featured, and Luxury Houseplans. Each house plan is displayed as a card, and clicking on a card reveals more details about the house in a modal view.

## Features

- Display house plans in different categories: Trending, New, Featured, and Luxury.
- Interactive house cards showing brief details of each house plan.
- A detailed modal view for each house plan, which opens upon clicking a house card.
- Responsive design for an optimal user experience across various devices.

## Installation

To run this project locally, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository to your local machine:
```bash git clone https://github.com/Abogeerick/housing-project.git ```
2. Navigate to the project directory:
```bash cd housing-project```
3. Install the necessary dependencies:
```bash npm install --legacy-peer-deps```
4. Start the development server:
5. Open http://localhost:3000 to view it in the browser.

## Technologies Used

- React
- Talwind CSS

## Project Structure

- `src/`
- `components/` - Contains all the reusable components like Header, Footer, HouseCard, HouseDetailsModal.
- `App.js` - Main application file where different components are used.
- `index.js` - Entry point for the React application.
- `public/` - Public folder containing the index.html and other assets.
- `README.md`

## Contributing

Contributions to this project are welcome. Please follow these steps to contribute:

1. Fork the repository.
2. Create a new branch: `git checkout -b your-branch-name`.
3. Make your changes and commit them: `git commit -m 'Add some feature'`.
4. Push to the original branch: `git push origin your-branch-name`.
5. Create the pull request.

Alternatively, see the GitHub documentation on [creating a pull request](https://help.github.com/articles/creating-a-pull-request/).

## License

[Specify the license (if any) or state that it's unlicensed.]

---

Generated by [Your Name] - © [Year]



